---
layout: about
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
--- 

Originally from Boise, Idaho, I've journeyed back and forth between the coasts of North America for my secondary education. Starting my trip, I attended the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma, Washington where I completed my Bachelors of Science in both Computer Science and Mathematics, graduating in the spring of 2018. After, I moved near 2300 miles east and just a bit south to the Quebecois city of Montréal, where I attended the University of Montréal. Here, I pursued my Masters in Computer Science with a focus on Artificial Intelligence. In 2020, during the high of the COVID-19 pandemic and North American border closures, I drove my entire apartment's worth of furniture and living supplies back to the Pacific Northwest to return to Seattle while I finished my program remotely. In November 2021, I wrapped up my thesis titled "On inverse reinforcement learning and dynamic discrete choice for predicting path choices", which you can read in it's post on the homepage.

With my academic education finally complete for the near to medium future, I am in the process of finding my first job within the industry I've spent 7 years learning. I would love to one day become a research scientist for any company and would be over the moon if I was able to study novel forms of Reinforcement Learning techniques and approaches, as this is the single most interesting topic I have ever come across. However, if it is such that I am unable to find such a unicorn of a job, I am also seeking to find work as a Machine Learning engineer, where I can learn the ins and outs of work within the industry, and learn how significantly it differs from the world of academia I am leaving. One day, I aspire to open my own research laboratory that seeks to apply novel machine learning methods to important real-world problems, such as climate change and mitigation of the effects of climate change, agricultural optimizations, physical networks optimization (such as the traffic problems so much of my academic career has wrestled with), and other similar problems. 

If you would like to get in contact with me, you can find my email in the footer of this website, my LinkedIn on my linked CV, or you can use the "Contact" tab in the navbar at the top of the website!